# LeetCode
Solutions to various LeetCode problems

1. majorityElement.java - Given an array of size n, find the majority element. The majority element is the element that appears more than n/2 times.

2.RemoveDuplicateLL.java - Given a sorted linked list, delete all duplicates such that each element appear only once.

3. IntersectionLL.java - Write a program to find the node at which the intersection of two singly linked lists begins.

4. SingleNumber.java - Given a non-empty array of integers, every element appears twice except for one. Find that single one.

5. FizzBuzz.java - Write a program that outputs the string representation of numbers from 1 to n.

But for multiples of three it should output “Fizz” instead of the number and for the multiples of five output “Buzz”. For numbers which are multiples of both three and five output “FizzBuzz”.

6. SingleNodeLLDelete.java - Write a function to delete a node (except the tail) in a singly linked list, given only access to that node. 

7. OneLetter.java -  Given two strings s and t which consist of only lowercase letters.

String t is generated by random shuffling string s and then add one more letter at a random position.

Find the letter that was added in t.

8. MaxDepthBinary.java - Find the maximum depth of a binary tree.

9. LongestCommonPrefix.java -Given a set of strings find the longest common prefix string.

10. TwoSum.java - find 2 numbers in an array that sum to a target integer

11. MaxSubArraySum.java - find the subarray that sums the highest
